README.md, before:

<a href="https://git.io/typing-svg"><img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Consolas&weight=900&size=33&duration=4000&pause=100&color=FFB7C5&center=true&vCenter=true&width=368&height=58&lines=%3C+Hello+World%F0%9F%91%8B%F0%9F%8F%BC%2F%3E;%3C+%E0%A4%A8%E0%A4%AE%E0%A4%B8%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%A4%E0%A5%87+%E0%A4%B5%E0%A4%B0%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%B2%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%A1%F0%9F%91%8B%F0%9F%8F%BC%2F%3E;%3C+%E0%A4%A8%E0%A4%AE%E0%A4%B8%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%95%E0%A4%BE%E0%A4%B0+%E0%A4%B5%E0%A4%B0%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%B2%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%A1%F0%9F%91%8B%F0%9F%8F%BC%2F%3E;%3C+%EC%95%88%EB%85%95%ED%95%98%EC%84%B8%EC%9A%94+%EC%9B%94%EB%93%9C%F0%9F%91%8B%F0%9F%8F%BC%2F%3E;%3C+Hola+World%F0%9F%91%8B%F0%9F%8F%BC%2F%3E" alt="Typing SVG" /></a>

## 👩🏻‍🎓About me
I'm Pooja More, and I'm a University of Nottingham MSc Human-Computer Interaction student. I have a Bachelor's degree in IT Engineering and 2 years of work experience. During my UG course, I interned as a Frontend Developer and Graphic Designer for three months each. For a year, I worked as a full-time UI/UX Designer. I am currently looking for both volunteer and paid UX Designer/Research positions. My areas of interest include virtual reality, simulation, games, and creative web development. Check out my [resume](https://drive.google.com/file/d/183cRr0ZqkNB1hxkdoo7GJSPpse265n8Y/view?usp=sharing) and [portfolio](https://www.pooja-more.me).</div>

## 🤓Code Facts
![devxpm's Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=devxpm&theme=dracula&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&count_private=true)</br>
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=devxpm&theme=dracula&hide_border=true&layout=compact)](https://github.com/devxpm/github-readme-stats)</br>
![devxpm's Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=devxpm&theme=dracula&hide_border=true)

## ⚒️Toolbox
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Adobe XD](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20XD-470137?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20XD&logoColor=#FF61F6)
![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white)
![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Threejs](https://img.shields.io/badge/threejs-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white)


## 📩Connect with me
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pooja-more-299b50150/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://www.discordapp.com/users/550979836160770048)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/DeftNinjaaa)
[![KakaoTalk](https://img.shields.io/badge/kakaotalk-ffcd00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kakaotalk&logoColor=000000)](https://open.kakao.com/o/sAvlJmWe)
<a href='https://ko-fi.com/U7U5JCGHP' target='_blank'><img height='30' style='border:0px;height:30px;' src='https://storage.ko-fi.com/cdn/kofi4.png?v=3' border='0' alt='Buy Me a Coffee' /></a>

Commit message:

Added email address and twitter links. Also made some changes to code facts section and about section

README.md, after:

<a href="https://git.io/typing-svg"><img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Consolas&weight=900&size=33&duration=4000&pause=100&color=FFB7C5&center=true&vCenter=true&width=368&height=58&lines=%3C+Hello+World%F0%9F%91%8B%F0%9F%8F%BC%2F%3E;%3C+%E0%A4%A8%E0%A4%AE%E0%A4%B8%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%A4%E0%A5%87+%E0%A4%B5%E0%A4%B0%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%B2%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%A1%F0%9F%91%8B%F0%9F%8F%BC%2F%3E;%3C+%E0%A4%A8%E0%A4%AE%E0%A4%B8%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%95%E0%A4%BE%E0%A4%B0+%E0%A4%B5%E0%A4%B0%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%B2%E0%A5%8D%E0%A4%A1%F0%9F%91%8B%F0%9F%8F%BC%2F%3E;%3C+%EC%95%88%EB%85%95%ED%95%98%EC%84%B8%EC%9A%94+%EC%9B%94%EB%93%9C%F0%9F%91%8B%F0%9F%8F%BC%2F%3E;%3C+Hola+World%F0%9F%91%8B%F0%9F%8F%BC%2F%3E" alt="Typing SVG" /></a>

## 👩🏻‍🎓About me
I'm Pooja More, a UX Designer/Researcher with an MSc in Human-Computer Interaction from the University of Nottingham. I have a Bachelor's degree in IT Engineering and 2 years of work experience. I interned as a Frontend Developer and Graphic Designer during my UG course for three months each. For a year, I worked as a full-time UI/UX Designer. I am currently seeking volunteer and paid UX Designer/Research positions. My areas of interest include virtual reality, simulation, games, and creative web development. Check out my [resume](https://drive.google.com/file/d/183cRr0ZqkNB1hxkdoo7GJSPpse265n8Y/view?usp=sharing) and [portfolio](https://www.pooja-more.me). Connect with me on my [E-mail](poojamore.design@gmail.com) or [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pm_ixviii)</div>

## 🤓Code Facts
![pixviii's Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=pixviii&theme=dracula&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&count_private=true)</br>
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=pixviii&theme=dracula&hide_border=true&layout=compact)](https://github.com/devxpm/github-readme-stats)</br>
![pixviii's Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=pixviii&theme=dracula&hide_border=true)

## ⚒️Toolbox
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white)
![Adobe XD](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20XD-470137?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20XD&logoColor=#FF61F6)
![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white)
![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white)
![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/Visual%20Studio%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white)
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E)
![Threejs](https://img.shields.io/badge/threejs-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=three.js&logoColor=white)


## 📩Connect with me
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-%230077B5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pooja-more-299b50150/)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-%235865F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://www.discordapp.com/users/550979836160770048)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Twitter-%231DA1F2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Twitter&logoColor=white)](https://twitter.com/DeftNinjaaa)
[![KakaoTalk](https://img.shields.io/badge/kakaotalk-ffcd00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kakaotalk&logoColor=000000)](https://open.kakao.com/o/sAvlJmWe)
<a href='https://ko-fi.com/U7U5JCGHP' target='_blank'><img height='30' style='border:0px;height:30px;' src='https://storage.ko-fi.com/cdn/kofi4.png?v=3' border='0' alt='Buy Me a Coffee' /></a>
